# hello_world
a place where you store ideas, resources, or even 
share and discuss things with others.

   Hello World! Allow me to introduce myself:
My name is Kevin Valkema, a middle-aged dad in the 
Midwest, desperately searching for his place in this 
brave new world of technology and innovation. I am 
married to my high school sweetheart, and together we
 brought into this world four amazing, busy, beautiful,
challenging children. Over the past ten years I have 
dutifully worked my way into premature arthritis in a 
factory and, to be honest, I've hated every minute of 
it. For the love of my family, I've endured it. Year 
after year, I watched the look of defeat and then 
acceptance wash over the faces of dear friends as they
surrendered to a live of comfortable mediocrity. It 
wasn't until I started to see it in my own reflection 
that I made a promise to myself. I promised to dream.
To allow myself to want more out of life. Everyone says
that they want for their kids "the life I never had",
but most of them stop at being somewhat financially
secure and don't consider the potential of their kids
if they only had an example to follow in which they
always strived to realise their dreams rather than 
settle for good enough. "Hello World". Who knew two 
words could mean so much? To me, "Hello World" 
represents another chance to embrace life, and chase 
down everything it has in store for me. Its a world 
where I break the chains of poverty for my family for
generations to come. In this new world Im not ashamed 
to introduce myself to new people for fear of the 
dreaded question "So, what kind of work are you into"? 
I think I'm going to like this world...
